Yes, sir, this cow is very precious
Can't kill me, I have my own plans
You'll know later. No.
You can't kill anything today
Unless you kill me
Bring things over
Master, this is too much
I don't want to
This is the gold bar found from the Li family
It's not your gold bar
What's there to bear
A gold bar for your cow is not a loss
Hahahaha
Do you really want to change this cow?
Why did you lie to you?
Then you can't go back on it.
Take it away, daughter-in-law
Let's go back and eat shabu beef
Great money
Eat all beef
Really not a thing
Did you hear?
Our mayor killed a cow
Let's fight with our lives
He would enjoy it
Hey, we'll be content with meat buns
Why do you care so much?
What are you two talking about?
Report to the police officer
We didn't say anything.
You go and move the seasonings and dishes
The teacher wants to invite all the brothers to dinner
The teacher invited us to eat
What to eat
The teacher wants to invite us to eat
Shabu beef, let's go
I also eat shabu beef
Long live the teacher
Let's hurry up and move things